>> Steve Kinney: So what we're gonna
do is we are gonna do a few things.
We are going to one, add a little bit
more to our connection to the store.
And then we are going to create these
container components that are gonna take
the store's state and wrap the stateless
components that receive all the props and
we'll be able to use
those in the application.
And what you'll see is that we just bring
in these components, they're gonna be
wired up completely, and we don't
have to worry about a lot happening.
All right, so
let's go back to this index.js.
We'll create a store with reducer and
the initial state.
I showed you earlier that you might
want to use Middleware at some point.
And one of the really great use cases
to see every action going through
is hooking up to the redux DevTools.
All right, that’s a really good, and
logging into the console every time, meh.
But hooking up to the DevTools I think is
a much better use case for middleware.
That way you can actually
see all of these.
So what we’ll do is we’ll just
simply say const middleware,
>> Steve Kinney: All right.
We'll start that out as a empty array.
And we'll say count enhancers.
We are actually not gonna
use middleware just yet,
we are actually just gonna use enhancer.
>> Steve Kinney: And then composeEnhancers
is going to be really squarely,
bear with me.
I might just tell you right now,
this is something that I copy and
paste all the time.
So when you see me type this,
it's gonna be okay because you
are just gonna copy and paste it from
the docs of the React Redux library.
>> Steve Kinney:
__REDUX_DEVTOOLS_EXTENSION_COMPOSE.
What is this?
If you have the DevTools installed,
this is something that the DevTools have
installed on the Window object in Chrome.
>> Steve Kinney: Otherwise,
we're just gonna bring in compose and
we're gonna use the compose from Redux.
>> Steve Kinney: So,
if the DevTools are installed,
this will be a truthy value and
we'll use a special version
that'll wire up to the DevTools.
If the DevTools are not installed, we'll
just use that regular compose function
that we saw earlier, that takes the number
of functions and puts them all together.
All right, cool.
So we've got the reducer, we've got
the initial state, which is also going
to add in,
>> Steve Kinney: Let
me change this a little bit to
three lines because my font is
large.
>> Steve Kinney: And
we'll use this composeEnhancers,
which is either the DevTools one or
just the regular compose.
>> Steve Kinney: Any
middlewares that we have right now.
We don't have any middleware but give me
an hour and we'll have some middleware to
install, as well as,
>> Steve Kinney: The enhancers.
>> Speaker 2: [INAUDIBLE] initial state.
>> Steve Kinney: Thank you.
All right, cool.
And I gotta spell things correctly.
And we should be good to go.
What I'm gonna do real quick is just start
this up, and make sure nothing is broken.
>> Steve Kinney: That is obviously an old
one.
>> Steve Kinney: Cool,
so these are the redux tools.
And you can see that the first action
that's been fired is this init,
which basically sets it up.
There's nothing on the page here,
because I actually,
if we go into application,
there's literally no components in there.
So everything is working as expected,
there are no console errors,
we are good to go.